[Node.js] Style guide fixes for TDBX vale rules (#842)
mongodb/docs-node: source/fundamentals/indexes.txt

When you execute a query against MongoDB, your query can include three
parts:

> - query criteria that specify one or more fields and values that you are looking for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Query criteria that specify one or more fields and values that you are looking for
```

- options that affect the query's execution, such as read concern

> - projection criteria to specify the fields you want MongoDB to return (optional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Projection criteria to specify the fields you want MongoDB to return (optional)
```

To improve query performance, build indexes on fields that appear often in
your application's queries and operations that return sorted results.

> Each index that you add consumes disk space and memory when active, so you
> may want to track index memory and disk usage for capacity planning. In addition,
> when a write operation updates an indexed field, MongoDB also updates
> the related index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each index that you add consumes disk space and memory when active, so it might be necessary to
track index memory and disk usage for capacity planning. In addition,
when a write operation updates an indexed field, MongoDB also updates
the related index.
```
